c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Moduleni.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Moduleni.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\obj\Debug\Moduleni.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\obj\Debug\Moduleni.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\obj\Debug\Moduleni.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\obj\Debug\Moduleni.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\obj\Debug\Moduleni.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\obj\Debug\Moduleni.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Moduleni.dll.config
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Users\grass\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Moduleni\Moduleni\Moduleni\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
